Call caching grouping and hit support [BA-6427] [BA-6428] (#5518)
broadinstitute/cromwell: docs/cromwell_features/CallCaching.md

  blacklist-cache {
     # The call caching blacklist cache is off by default. This cache is used to blacklist cache hits based on cache
     # hit ids or buckets of cache hit paths that Cromwell has previously failed to copy for permissions reasons.
     enabled: true

     # All blacklisting values below are optional except for groupings.workflow-option.

     # A blacklist grouping can be specified in workflow options which will inform the blacklister which workflows
     # should share a blacklist cache.
     groupings {
       workflow-option: call-cache-blacklist-group
       concurrency: 10000
       ttl: 2 hours
       size: 1000
     }

     buckets {
       # Guava cache concurrency.
       concurrency: 10000
       # How long entries in the cache should live from the time of their last access.
       ttl: 20 minutes
       # Maximum number of entries in the cache.
       size: 1000
     }

     hits {
       # Guava cache concurrency.
       concurrency: 10000
       # How long entries in the cache should live from the time of their last access.
       ttl: 20 minutes
       # Maximum number of entries in the cache.
       size: 100000

>      }

Reviewer: Seems like these doc examples should use the defaults used in `CallCachingBlacklistManager.scala`

  }
}
```

**** Blacklist cache grouping ****

By default Cromwell's blacklist caches work at the granularity of root workflows, but Cromwell can also be configured to
share a blacklist cache among a group of workflows. 
If a value is specified for `call-caching.blacklisting.groupings.workflow-option` and a workflow option is specified
having a matching key, all workflows specifying the same value will share a blacklist cache. 

For example, if Cromwell configuration contains `call-caching.blacklisting.groupings.workflow-option = "project"` and
a workflow is submitted with the options

```json
{
  "project": "Mary"
}
```

then this workflow will share a blacklist cache with any other workflows whose workflow options contain `"project": "Mary"`.

Grouping of blacklist caches can significantly improve blacklisting effectiveness and overall call caching performance.

> Workflows should be grouped by their effective authorization to ensure validity of cache contents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workflows should be grouped by their effective authorization to ensure the same filesystem/object store permissions exist for every workflow in the group.
```

  invalidate-bad-cache-results = false

  blacklist-cache {
     # The call caching blacklist cache is off by default. This cache is used to blacklist cache hits based on cache
     # hit ids or buckets of cache hit paths that Cromwell has previously failed to copy for permissions reasons.
     enabled: true

>      # All blacklisting values below are optional except for groupings.workflow-option.

Reviewer 2: I thought it was optional, and if it's not specified then Cromwell acts like it's every workflow for itself?

Author: Yes that's correct, I guess what I wrote is unclear. What I was trying to say is that if one wants to use the blacklist cache grouping support then `workflow-option` needs to be defined, otherwise the blacklist cache would be scoped to the root workflow. Will fix.
